# interactive-graphics
IGME 230 - Project 4: Interactive Graphics on the Web

	I will be incorporating the p5.js library into JavaScript files to create a series of three drawing applications with emphases on line, color, and/or shape. These applications will primarily rely on the user’s mouse input, but will also include keyboard input for various additional features. The three will host similar interactions, but the ways in which they handle this input will uniquely define them. I plan to combine both intuitive and unexpected drawing styles to allow the user to feel in control while still being pleasantly surprised throughout the creative process. The draw() function will be essential to all animations, whereas the event handlers mousePressed(), mouseDragged(), keyTyped(), etc. will form the basis for user interactivity.
  
	As far as structure goes, the three applications will run independently on their own pages, but the links between them will suggest that each new program should be considered an alternative tool that has its own unique personality. The landing page will act as a toolbox, offering each with equal weight, freeing the user to decide where to begin, then the individual pages will make the other two choices easily accessible for the user to cycle through and find what they like best.
  
	For the success of this project I will need to learn how to make the p5.js canvas work in a real web page environment, especially in terms of positioning. In previous projects I left the canvases in their default positions on blank pages. I will also need to think critically and mathematically about how drawn elements will relate to the mouse cursor’s position. Finally, I expect to attempt new CSS techniques to make the placement of application links and images more interesting and appealing, helping to solidify the creative themes of the project.
